[ISSUE #72] LinkedIn Ads documentation (#30386)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/snowflake-native-apps/linkedin-ads.md

4. Click `Request`. This will send a request that we will manually service as soon as we can.
5. On the left sidebar, click `Apps.
6. Under the `Recently Shared with You` section, you should see the `Linkedin Ads Connector by Airbyte`. Click `Get`.
7. Expand `Options`.
    1. You can rename the application or leave the default. This is how you will reference the application from a worksheet
    2. Specify the warehouse that the application will be installed to.
8. Click `Get`.
9. Wait for the application to install. Once complete, the pop-up window should automatically close.

You should now see the application under `Installed Apps`. You may need to refresh the page.

## LinkedIn Account
In order for the Snowflake Native App to query LinkedIn, you will need an account with the right permissions. Please follow [the LinkedIn Ads authentication guide](https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads/#set-up-linkedin-ads-authentication-airbyte-open-source) for further information.

## Snowflake Native App Authorizations
> **Note**  

> > All the queries below use `LINKEDIN_ADS_TEST` but if you have renamed your application, you will have to use this name as a reference.

Author: I added this line based on [this line](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/30386/files#diff-9199f80dfa9350b869d60d63787fea386c7146e37b9600d30961d174066235c2R23) but I haven't tested this

Reviewer: i think we should do some sort of bracketing like `<your db>` or something, but LINKEDIN_ADS_TEST is not too nice to see, i'll update relevant parts

# LinkedIn Ads Connector

> The Airbyte connector for LinkedIn Ads is a Snowflake Native Application that allows you to extract data from your LinkedIn Ads account and load records into a database of your choice within Snowflake.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LinkedIn Ads Connector by Airbyte is a Snowflake Native Application that allows you to extract data from your LinkedIn Ads account and load records into a Snowflake database of your choice.
```

![](./linkedin-ads-ui.gif)

> **Info**  
> The LinkedIn Ads Connector is in _private preview_ and is subject to further development that may affect setup and configuration of the application.

# Getting started

## Prerequisites
A LinkedIn Ads account with permission to access data from accounts you want to sync.

## Installing the App

> **Warning**  
> Do not refresh the Apps page while the application is being installed. This may cause installation to fail.

1. Log into your Snowflake account.

> 2. On the left sidebar, click Marketplace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. On the left sidebar, click `Marketplace`.
```

3. Search for `Linkedin Ads Connector` by Airbyte or navigate to https://app.snowflake.com/marketplace/listing/GZTYZ9BCRSJ/airbyte-linkedin-ads-connector-by-airbyte
4. Click `Request`. This will send a request that we will manually service as soon as we can.
5. On the left sidebar, click `Apps`.
6. Under the `Recently Shared with You` section, you should see the `Linkedin Ads Connector by Airbyte`. Click `Get`.
7. Expand `Options`.

>     1. You can rename the application or leave the default. This is how you will reference the application from a worksheet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1. You can rename the application or leave the default. This is how you will reference the application from a worksheet.
```

    2. Specify the warehouse that the application will be installed to.
8. Click `Get`.
9. Wait for the application to install. Once complete, the pop-up window should automatically close.

> You should now see the application under `Installed Apps`. You may need to refresh the page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should now see the LinkedIn Ads Connector by Airbyte application under `Installed Apps`. You may need to refresh the page.
```

## LinkedIn Ads Account
In order for the Snowflake Native App to query LinkedIn Ads, you will need an account with the right permissions. Please follow [the LinkedIn Ads authentication guide](https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads/#set-up-linkedin-ads-authentication-airbyte-open-source) for further information.

## Snowflake Native App Authorizations
> **Note**  
> By default the app will be installed using the name `AIRBYTE_LINKEDIN_ADS`, but if you renamed the app during installation, you will have to use that name as a reference.

> 1. Create the database where the app will access the authorization. This database can be different from the database where the sync will output the records.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create the database where the app will access the authorization. This database can be different from the database where the sync will output records.
```

```
CREATE DATABASE <database>;
USE <database>;
```

2. The native app will validate the output database and create it if it does not exist. In order to do that, the app needs access to the database:
```
GRANT CREATE DATABASE ON ACCOUNT TO APPLICATION <app_name>;
```

> 3. We also need to allow outgoing network traffic based on the domain of the source. In the case of LinkedIn Ads, simply run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. You will need to allow outgoing network traffic based on the domain of the source. In the case of LinkedIn Ads, simply run:
```

```
CREATE OR REPLACE NETWORK RULE linkedin_apis_network_rule
  MODE = EGRESS
  TYPE = HOST_PORT
  VALUE_LIST = ('api.linkedin.com', 'www.linkedin.com', 'linkedin.com');
```

> **Note**  
> As of 2023-09-13, the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/sql-reference/sql/create-external-access-integration) mentions that direct external access is a preview feature and that it is `available to all accounts on AWS` which might restrict the number of users able to use the connector.

> 4. Once we have external access configured, we need define our authorization/authentication. Provide the credentials to the app as such:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Once you have external access configured, you need define your authorization/authentication. Provide the credentials to the app as such:
```

```
CREATE OR REPLACE SECRET integration_linkedin_ads_oauth
  TYPE = GENERIC_STRING
  SECRET_STRING = '{
    "auth_method": "oAuth2.0",
    "client_id": <client_id>,
    "client_secret": <client_secret>,
    "refresh_token": <refresh_token>
  }';
```

> ... where `client_id`, `client_secret` and `refresh_token` are strings. For more information, see [the LinkedIn Ads authentication guide](https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads/#set-up-linkedin-ads-authentication-airbyte-open-source).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
... where `client_id`, `client_secret` and `refresh_token` are strings. For more information, see the [LinkedIn Ads authentication guide](https://docs.airbyte.com/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads/#set-up-linkedin-ads-authentication-airbyte-open-source).
```

> 5. Once the network rule and the secret is defined in Snowflake, we just need to make them available to the app by using an external access integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Once the network rule and the secret are defined in Snowflake, you need to make them available to the app by using an external access integration.
```

  ALLOWED_AUTHENTICATION_SECRETS = (integration_linkedin_ads_oauth)
  ENABLED = true;
```

6. Grant permission for the app to access the integration.
```
GRANT USAGE ON INTEGRATION integration_linkedin_ads TO APPLICATION AIRBYTE_LINKEDIN_ADS;
```

7. Grant permissions for the app to access the database that houses the secret and read the secret.
```
GRANT USAGE ON DATABASE <your_database> TO APPLICATION AIRBYTE_LINKEDIN_ADS;
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA <your_schema> TO APPLICATION AIRBYTE_LINKEDIN_ADS;
GRANT READ ON SECRET integration_linkedin_ads_oauth TO APPLICATION AIRBYTE_LINKEDIN_ADS;
```

## Configure a connection
Once this is all set up, you can now configure a connection. To do so, use the Streamlit app by going in the `Apps` section and selecting `AIRBYTE_LINKEDIN_ADS`. You will have to accept the Anaconda terms in order to use Streamlit.
Once you have access to the app, select `New Connection` and fill the fields as such:
* Secret: `<database>.<your_schema>.integration_linkedin_ads_oauth`
* External Access Integration: `integration_linkedin_ads`
* start_date: UTC date in the format 2020-09-17. Any data before this date will not be replicated.

> * account_ids: Specify the account IDs separated by a space, to pull the data from. Leave empty, if you want to pull the data from all associated accounts. See the [LinkedIn Ads docs](https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a424270/find-linkedin-ads-account-details) for more info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* account_ids: Leave empty, if you want to pull the data from all associated accounts. To specify individual account IDs to pull data from, separate them by a space. See the [LinkedIn Ads docs](https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/a424270/find-linkedin-ads-account-details) for more info.
```

* Output Database: The database where the records will be saved. Snowflake's database naming restriction applies here.
* Output Schema: The table where the schema will be saved. Snowflake's table naming restriction applies here. 
* Connection name: How the connection will be referred in the Streamlit app

> * Replication Frequency: How often do the records will be fetched

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Replication Frequency: How often records are fetched
```
